congratulations on choosing to download
and install the trial version of Carol's
win DVD the following short instructions
will show you how to quickly download
and install the trial and get the
application up and running the whole
process is very automated quick and easy
here we go whether you're downloading
this from the product web page or the
free trial web page the process is
exactly the same click on the trial
download button then click download now
download the Installer to ever you would
like to on your computer such as your
desktop or downloads folder some
browsers already have that location set
up for you let it proceed depending on
your browser you might first get the
usual security warning dialog box this
is not indicative of any actual security
issue so continue on after the file has
finished downloading first double click
on the single icon that represents the
file you just downloaded it will look
something like this one the install
shield application will launch and run
first this utility will manage the
windbg installer you might also
encounter your PC asking you if
installing this application is ok with
you of course click yes to continue the
next window to appear again
automatically is the Installer itself
call the install wizard it will pause at
the ever ubiquitous licensing agreement
be sure to read through it to proceed
click the I accept check box and then
the next button in the lower right you
will then be given a chance to tell your
computer where to install wind DVD and
view and select other options it's best
to let win DVD install to its default
location click install now when you're
ready when you see that the Installer
has reached the end of the install
process you can launch win DVD right
from here or click finish to launch it
later if you choose to launch win DVD
and click finish when DVD will then ask
you about your choice for initial
settings unless you know exactly what
you want
choose recommended settings and click OK
when DVD will then launch insert a DVD
and you're set to go that's all there is
to it